Fixed note about LFS (#4)
DiversionCompany/docs: basic/import-from-git-lfs.mdx

Git LFS storage backend, please [contact us](https://www.diversion.dev/contact-us), drop in
our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/HDAGJvgkuT) or [email us](mailto:hi@diversion.dev).

### Export to Git LFS
When bidirectional sync is turned on, all files will be pushed to your Git repo, including files that are configured
to be stored in Git LFS. This means that if you have a large number of files in your Diversion repo, you might hit

> the storage limits of your Git repo provider. To avoid this, consider turning off bidirectional sync.

Reviewer: We currently don't have self-service means to turn it off.

> the storage limits of your Git repo provider. To avoid this, consider turning off bidirectional sync.

Author: ```suggestion
the storage limits of your Git repo provider. To avoid this, consider importing without bidirectional sync.
```
